We have implemented and admittance controller in order to improve the
transparency of the haptic paddle. We want to render the free motion, so we want
the virtual force to be null (K=0 and B=0), moreover we want an apparent
inertia of the device as small as possible. The servo-amplifier that controls
the motor can control it in velocity, we have tuned Imax in order to avoid 
instability for too low apparent inertias. Obviously the saturation of the motor
is easier to achieve, but we have considered that in the transparency plane 
plots by computing the saturation acceleration, velocity and torque. 

The experiment consists in a human that interacts with the haptic paddle, the 
first time using admittance control and the second time using no control. During
both the experiments acceleration, velocity and force (torque) are measured and
are then plotted. Data obtained are approximated with planes. Even if the 
approximation has a certain, non negligible, error, it's evident from the plot
that the slope of the admittance transparency plane is lower than the one of the
no control transparency plane. J_p=2.2e-4 J_m=1.58e-6 J_apparent=1.00e-6.
Considering the inertia of the motor negligible, we have enhanced the
transparency of the haptic paddle reducing the inertia of 2 orders of magnitude.

Problems: we have to set the zero of the force at every run, it changes
continuously. Moreover when the Force is filtered, a delay is introduced and
this retards the command to the motor in the inversion of direction. This
results in higher forces felt by the human, we preferred not to filter the force.

What we did to implement the VI: 
- Calibration of the force sensor: (insert picture) we calibrated using
4 weights both for negative forces and positive forces; we had to pay attention
to keep a 90° angle between the weight and the handle of the haptic paddle.
Another thing that we did is we considered the weight of the part of the haptic
paddle that is above the force sensor, we compensated for it when we calculated
the transfer function from Voltage to Force (insert formula and graph of
transfer function)
- Transfer function from DeltaV commanded to the servo amplifier 
and velocity obtained:
the PID control is inside the servo-amplifier, we give to the servo-amplifier the information
about the desired velocity of the motor and it controls the motor thanks to a 
tachometer that measures the velocity so that the actual velocity is set to 
the desired velocity. What we do is, we integrate the desired acceleration in 
order to obtain the desired velocity, we give this information to the servo
amplifier by converting the desired velocity in the DeltaV commanded, then we 
command the servo amplifier with this DeltaV. (insert formula and graph of 
transfer function).